Dprice add manage section (#336)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/manage/api-keys.md

---
title: API Keys
enableTableOfContents: true
redirectFrom:
  - /docs/get-started-with-neon/using-api-keys
---

> Any action performed in the Neon Console can be performed using the [Neon API](https://neon.tech/api-reference). Using the Neon API requires an API key. This topic describes how to generate, revoke, and use API keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manage your projects, branches, databases, and users using the [Neon API](https://neon.tech/api-reference). Using the Neon API requires an API key. This topic describes how to generate, revoke, and use API keys.
```

I'm not sure of using the `Any action performed`. You can't do things like passwordless login or create an API key

Author: OK. I will change that to "most actions".

Reviewer: Sounds good

### Revoke an API key

An API key that is no longer needed can be revoked. This action cannot be reversed.

To revoke an API key:

1. Click your account in the upper right corner of the Neon Console and click **Account**.
2. Select **Developer Settings** to see a list of API keys.
3. To revoke a key, click **Revoke**. The key is immediately revoked. Any request that uses the key will now fail.

### Make an API call

<Admonition type="important">
[Neon API v1](https://console.neon.tech/api/v1) is now deprecated. Support for it will be removed in a future release. Please migrate your applications to [Neon API V2 reference](https://neon.tech/api-reference/v2/). The base URL for the new Neon API is `https://neon.tech/api-reference/v2/`.
</Admonition>

The following `cURL` example uses the `/projects` endpoint to retrieve projects that belong to your Neon account.

```bash
curl -X GET -H "Authorization: Bearer $NEON_API_KEY" "accept: application/json"

> "https://neon.tech/api-reference/v2" | jq

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"https://neon.tech/api-reference/v2"
```
not sure the `| jq` is necessary
